<h3>Welcome to Pastr</h3>
<p> Pastr is an interactive help system bringing the web and Internet Relay Chat together.</p>
<p> Our goal is to supply a system where IRC users seeking assistance can request a link from the
Pastr irc bot and be able to paste text to that link.  The text can be syntax highlighted into any
of our supported languages (115 to date) if you choose a language when pasting/editing.  The IRC bot
will relay the link for others to view/edit your post to the IRC channel (or nickname) who you are seeking 
assitance from.  Each post is revision controlled, so edits do not overwrite, they make a new version.</p>
<hr style="margin: auto" width="50%" />
<h4>Features</h4>
<ol>
  <li>Pastr bot on Freenode and Efnet, responds to .hitme in public or private to provide a link</li>
  <li>Pastr website, to edit and view pastes</li>
  <li>Syntax Highlighting for 115 different languages (and configuration files)</li>
  <li>Plain text, auto-filename view.  If the post view is http://paste.linuxhelp.tv/100, then you may use a tool such as
  <pre>wget http://paste.linuxhelp.tv/100/grub-install.txt</pre> 
  to download the plain text contents of the paste as a file locally.  The filename you choose is arbitrary, so long as it 
  starts with a word (/^\w/)</li>
</ol>
  
<h4>Hints</h4>
<ul>
  <li><a href="http://people.debian.org/~kims/xclip/">xclip</a> is a great helper for pasting text files.  <pre>xclip &lt; /etc/fstab</pre> Would read the contents from /etc/fstab into your X paste buffer.  Then you just middle click on the paste body to paste /etc/fstab to Pastr.</li>
  <li>How do I just make a new paste on the web? You don't.  This system is currently only available to users of Efnet or Freenode IRC via the Pastr nickname on them</li>
</ul>

<h4>Roadmap</h4>
<ol>
  <li>List of posts (<span class="completed">recent</span>, yours, all, etc)</li>
  <li class="completed">Site theme and style redo with usability in mind</li>
  <li>Usability features: quick post without irc, <span class="completed">langauge names, clean up forms</span></li>
  <li class="completed">Different styles/themes/colors for paste view</li>
  <li class="completed">Commentable Posts</li>
  <li>Searchable Posts</li>
  <li>User Requested Features (get your requests to trey or death_syn or bougyman or jvaughn)</li>
</ol>
